use pattern in expression (#1240)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/3.ngql-guide/8.clauses-and-options/where.md

## OpenCypher compatibility

> * Using patterns in expression is supported, but introducing new variables is not supported. for example, `MATCH (v:player) WHERE (v)-->()<--(v)` is supported, but `MATCH (v:player) WHERE (v)-->(t)<--(v)` is not supported. `t` is a new variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using patterns in query statements is supported, but introducing new variables is not supported. for example, `MATCH (v:player) WHERE (v)-->()<--(v)` is supported, but `MATCH (v:player) WHERE (v)-->(t)<--(v)` is not supported. `t` is a new variables.
```

Author: Using `query statements` is not precise enough, the emphasis here is the pattern in the expression.
